README.md, before:

# Building the Docker image

## Install dependencies

- docker
  - version deps:  1.0.1 bad, 1.6.2 good
- docker-py, Docker API python wrapper
  - version deps:  0.5.3 bad (Jessie), 1.5.0 good
- dockerpty, like `docker attach`
- pyyaml, for reading config file

All dependencies are already in Scaleway's Docker image.  These
commands install the dependencies for Ubuntu Trusty:

    sudo apt-get install python-pip python-yaml
    sudo apt-get install docker.io
    sudo pip install docker-py
    sudo pip install dockerpty

## Edit configuration

Copy `config.sample.yaml` to `config.sample` and edit, following
inline comments.

For testing, the defaults will mostly work.  The `git_repo` and
`git_branch` must be set.  The `buildbotURL` should be set to the
**external** web interface URL; once this is set, it is difficult to
change, so choose wisely.

## Build Docker image

Build the Docker image, choosing a host name from the config file
`slaves:` section.

    bin/dbb -H d8-64-posix --build

# Running the Docker container

Create and run the Docker container:

    bin/dbb -H d8-64-posix --run

Attach to the console:

    bin/dbb -H d8-64-posix --attach

Stop and remove the Docker container:

    bin/dbb -H d8-64-posix --stop
    bin/dbb -H d8-64-posix --remove

Set up Buildbot:  (to be written; see `lib/python/dbb/setup.py`)

Commit message:

Mass updates
- Separate slave config into separate object for cleanliness
- Add slave `parallel_jobs` parameter
- Init containers:
  - Fix `init` class ssh and Buildbot init functions
  - Add container `init()` method:
    - re-run `--init` if outside container; otherwise, call init module
    - be smart about when `--init` is allowed
  - Add container `logs()` method to grab output
  - Allow passing commands to `create_container()`
  - Rename `--setup` to `--init`
  - Set `CONTAINER` env var in Dockerfile and pull hostname from that
    - Bomb if no `-H` and no env var
- Don't pull admin name and email from git (not available in Docker)
- Bomb if config can't be found
- Update docs

README.md, after:

# Building the Docker image

## Install dependencies

- docker
  - version deps:  1.0.1 bad, 1.6.2 good
- docker-py, Docker API python wrapper
  - version deps:  0.5.3 bad (Jessie), 1.5.0 good
- dockerpty, like `docker attach`
- pyyaml, for reading config file

All dependencies are already in Scaleway's Docker image.  These
commands install the dependencies for Ubuntu Trusty:

    sudo apt-get install python-pip python-yaml
    sudo apt-get install docker.io
    sudo pip install docker-py
    sudo pip install dockerpty

## Edit configuration

Copy `config.sample.yaml` to `config.sample` and edit, following
inline comments.

For testing, the defaults will mostly work.  The `git_repo` and
`git_branch` must be set.  The `buildbotURL` should be set to the
**external** web interface URL; once this is set, it is difficult to
change, so choose wisely.

## Build Docker image

Build the Docker image, choosing a host name from the config file
`slaves:` section.

    bin/dbb -H d8-64-posix --build

# Initializing and running the Docker container

Initialize the Docker container SSH keys and Build master and slave:

	bin/dbb -H d8-64-posix --init

Create and run the Docker container:

    bin/dbb -H d8-64-posix --run

Attach to the console:

    bin/dbb -H d8-64-posix --attach

Stop and remove the Docker container:

    bin/dbb -H d8-64-posix --stop
    bin/dbb -H d8-64-posix --remove

Set up Buildbot:  (to be written; see `lib/python/dbb/setup.py`)
